MQTT Alarm Control Panel - Remote code validation (#19788)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/alarm_control_panel.mqtt.markdown

  required: false
  type: string
code:

>   description: If defined, specifies a code to enable or disable the alarm in the frontend. For remote code validation `REMOTE_CODE` (numeric code) or `REMOTE_CODE_TEXT` (text code) can configured as code to enable a dialog, this bypasses local code validation. Use `command_template` to send the code to the backend. Example configurations [can be found here](./#configurations-with-remote-code-validation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: If defined, specifies a code to enable or disable the alarm in the frontend. Note that the code is validated locally and blocks sending MQTT messages to the remove device. For remote code validation, the code can be configured to either of the special values `REMOTE_CODE` (numeric code) or `REMOTE_CODE_TEXT` (text code). In this case, local code validation is bypassed but the frontend will still show a numeric or text coe dialog.Use `command_template` to send the code to the remote device. Example configurations for remote code validation [can be found here](./#configurations-with-remote-code-validation).
```
